When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	- When you are collaborating with a team on a project
	- When your making an open source project and you want help and feedback from other 
	  people
	- When you want a backup of your repository

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because if someone on your team makes a change to a file your currently working on 
	and that person push the changes to the remote repository, git will update your
	repository but your editor will not automatically update and when you save the
	changes you made to the file your will overwrite the changes the other person made.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

	- A fork is a direct copy of a Github repository from one account to another Github
	account
	- A clone is a copy of a local or github repository to your local machine
	- A branch lets you manage a group of commits that can be different to other 
	  commits in other branches contained in the same repository

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally?

	When pulling or pushing it helps git determine how to handle the merge, either
	using a fast foward merge or a normal merge.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what
would be harder?

	The only thing that would be easier collaborating not using Git/Github would be
	saving a changes in a file because the team doesn't have to keep making logical
	divisions of the work they do and then add, commit and push the change, and if the
	work it's divided in a way that guaranties there wont be conflicts when the team
	commbine the work then the merge step is easier too.

	On the other hand a lot of things are harder if you don't use Git or GitHub, things
	like:
		- It would be difficult to backtrack changes made to the files
		- It's harder to coordinate changes made to the work if 2 or more people can 
		work on the same file
		- It's harder to try new experimental changes to the work
		- The team will need constant communication to made changes
