How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped me compare the two files by showing me the parts of the documents
    that were different from one another, so it is easier than remembering what
    changed or trying to find the bug by looking at both files line by line.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If while modifying a program you introduce a new bug that you didn't notice
    while working and a previosly working program now crashes, you have to find out 
    what went wrong, and if the bug it's difficult to find and you don't have a
    previous working version of said program, there's a risk that your only option
    would be to write the entire program again, because trying to fix it could make it worse. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros
    	- You avoid having a lot of unnecessary versions saved
    	- You can describe the purpose of each version you commit and this helps
    	you have a greater control over the changes made to the document 

    Cons
    	- You could forget to make a logical commit and introduce a lot of changes to
    	a program and not knowing wich of the changes introduced a bug
    	- you could forget to make a commit and lose the changes you made to a file
    	in your local computer due to a corruption of the file later on.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because version control systems like git are designed to be used by developers working on projects
    and when a programer is working on a project and making modications, these modifications
    usually involve a group of files not just one. Google Docs and systems like it on the other 
    hand are designed to be used to create and work on single documents 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log lists all the versions saved in git so we can used it to find a version or
    a change we are interested in. Git diff shows the difference between two versions
    so it can be used to determine a change that introduced a bug or something like that

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If a change is introduced in the code is easier to go back to a previous working state
    of the program without worrying of losing a lot of the progress made in the project, so
    by introducing small changes and testing the code, if it breaks something you can just
    go back to a previous state or compare the two versions to know what went wrong.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'm gonna be doing a project for a class I'm currently taking so I'm gonna try using git
    for that.